Amen.
Smells wonderful.
Oh, wait. I forgot.
You should cook every night.
If you clean every night.
Uh, no, we’ll take it in turns.
Ta-da!
But this looks amazing!
Thanks.
It’s practice for my first guest.
Really? Who?
My mum.
That’s wonderful!
We had our first phone call in a year
that wasn’t a total disaster.
So I invited her around tomorrow.
It’ll go great.
Hi, Mum.
Hello, love.
Come in.
Nice to see you.
Nice to see you too.
Let me take that.
Oh, thanks, my love.
That’s fine.
Your roommates,
did you say they’re explorers?
Pioneers
—they preach full-time,
but they work part-time.
Hmm, I see.
But you’re not?
No, not yet anyway.
Jade, love,
all this,
I see it’s made you a better person.
Heaven knows I tried.
But I miss bits of the old Jade.
Bits?
What, what bits?
Where’s the Jade that questioned everything?
So then she pulls out her phone
and starts showing me stuff about Witnesses.
What kind of stuff?
News stories, all negative and slanted.
I tried to change the subject,
but she just kept at it.
See you later, girls.
Bye.
Bye, Keesha.
Sorry, I’ve got to get ready.
Well, how long are you going to be gone for?
I’ll stay another month.
I told my daughter it’s too hot here.
What’s happened to me?
Abigay.
Jade girl.
How are you?
Been better.
Neeta said that your mother visited.
I hope you don’t mind.
No.
Mum’s driving me mad.
It’s—it’s like it’s her hobby
to ruin my life.
Oh,
she sounds wonderful,
like me when my daughter got baptized.
You opposed your daughter?
Oh, mercy, yes.
I love her so much.
And I didn’t want to lose her.
But I’m not going anywhere.
Of course not,
but a worried mother doesn’t know that.
Mother, lunch is ready.
I’ve got to go,
but I have a scripture for you.
When you read it,
remember your Mum is not the “stranger.”
John 10:5:
“They will by no means follow a stranger
“but will flee from him,
because they do not know
the voice of strangers.”
Mum is not the “stranger.”
It’s what she shares.
“Reject the voice,”
not her.
Did you look at those links that I sent you?
Mum,
I want us to get together,
but I won’t hear anything negative
about my beliefs.
Well, perhaps we just won’t talk religion.
It’s a deal then?
All right then.
I can see I’m not going to get anywhere.
So, what subject do you want to talk about?
The deal fell apart
—fast.
Jade, I know
we weren’t going to talk religion,
but I must tell you
this one thing that I read.
Mum, I thought
we weren’t going to talk about this!
It’s getting late.
I’m going to go.
Thanks for dinner.
I’ll call you tomorrow.
Jade, I got an alert this morning
that I really wanted—
Mum, no.
I don’t—
I was sure this wouldn’t work.
And then it happened.
Jade, I’d like to change our agreement.
If I ask you what you believe,
you get to answer.
Short answers
—I won’t be converting.
It’s a deal then?
Yeah, it’s a deal.